I"2<p>As probably everyone who is reading this can guess (since it is only family and friends right now), I am leaving for France in approximately 6 hours. I am moving there for about 8 or 9 months to teach English to French elementary schoolers in a small town called L’Isle-sur-la-Sorgue. It is known as the Venice of Provence with its waterwheels and rivers, and famous for its antique fairs and weekly market. To say I am excited would be an understatement, but to say that I am apprehensive is also true. I have spent the past year and a half dreaming about this day and this moment, and it looks kind of like I thought. It is the days, weeks, and months before that were nothing that I imagined.</p>

<p>I have been fairly ambivalent about leaving for the last month. Honestly, my friends and family are arguably more excited than I am. And I think the reason is a combination of two feelings. One is that since March, I had prepared myself for this program not to happen. I had come up with contingency plans, mentally told myself I would stay in my job for another year, and committed to delaying this almost-lifelong dream for another time. When I was accepted in late June (which was over two months later than planned), I didn’t let myself experience full excitement yet. There were a few other hurdles to get over. I had little bits of excitements as I got closer and closer to my goal: happiness when I got in, hesitancy when I found out it would be happening as a whole but was uncertain for Americans, relief when I found out we were able to get visas, and finally,</p>

<p>The other reason, which is ironically completely the opposite of the first, is that I think deep down, some part of me always knew this was going to happen. It was a matter of when. This was an inevitability in my life, kind of like going to college or moving out of my parents’ house (and I would like to take a moment to acknowledge the privilege that comes with all of these things). Now that this moment is here, it’s kind of like, ‘yeah, this is happening, but wasn’t it always going to?’</p>
:ET